sleeping with our second challenger
would you sign increase sir Benjamin
where are you promised Jenny
Richmond he'll New York Richmond Hill
New York well that's nice to have you
here with it is Richmond Hill with that
on step 9 on this no should shine longer
on Long Island well I'll move back and
get out of town I guess I've done it
well would you go over and let the panel
get a look at you two please sir welcome
to America mr. canty
we give the family one three days to
watch your line maybe when you come in a
little bit closer to your microphone
that's fine get the cards back here
we'll start our free guesses with mr.
Geller I think mr. Kenny is a
sympathetic bartender mr. Allen I think
mr. Kenny is a truant officer with a
ding dong school mr. Kenny is the caddy
mr. sir judging by mr. Kenny's beautiful
handwriting I think he sews names on a
souvenir hat they sell on brother no I'm
afraid not well that our viewers have a
further look at mr. Benjamin Kenny and
at the same time we will tell them what
his line is but the panel has today
steady you know how we call this thing
on fire jesse is salaried with that
let's begin the general questioning
fratello Oh John I I'm frankly I'm not
very good at question have you ever seen
me with the answer man you can watch us
and he will never open his mouth but I
will question with my limitations of
course question mr. Kenney mr. Kenney
view deal in services now is when I
should do these services involve both of
the sexes or are they are you inclined
to or favor one sex with the service
that you perform hold everything you
want to ask one question there at which
one you want to make the last question
the right question I wanted to get out
early John
if your play how do do these services
appeal more to women they do well the
question was to these services appeal
well no sexes which section the women
avail themselves of mr. Keeney's
services more than men do well having
watched this show for so long and
realizing that there was no reaction to
what mr. Kenney said I assume that what
you do involves women is that true
yes it is in a vague way then you're
sure you know what you do because you're
defensive well in the process of
accomplishing these services do you
change the woman's appearance
I would think Fred that you may disagree
with me later on but I think we'll have
to give you a no on that there is no
substantive change in the woman's
appearance as a result of his particular
service
I see if I gave you a yes it would
mislead you and I know you wouldn't want
me to mislead you so what did you know
don't mislead me whatever mr. Chetty do
you touch these women in any way no dude
on a date to go mr. sip
mr. Kenney do these women come to you
yes do you greet them in some kind of an
office no three down seven to go mr.
Kilgallen what do you don't mean to tell
me that they come to you and you don't
greet them well the question asked by
better would you greet them in some kind
of an office and to that the answer was
no oh well then it was the office that
was wrong not the greeting well if you'd
like to ask you question all right do
you greet them mr. Kennedy do you greet
them
well I'd say we like in a manner of
speaking say that you do yes wouldn't
you think something yeah well they know
he's around is your relationship with
these women more Stern and pleasurable
knowing that Dorothy poured out and
things to go mr. Allen or whatever mr.
Kenney does does it improved the
appearance of the window
I would say that is the matter open to
some debate well does he do you work on
the woman's face faces we have we have
not substantiate it whether the product
involved in what mr. Kenney does have I
don't know and so I'll ask didn't make a
big fool of myself is there a product in
what you do mr. Kenney
no that makes a quick start and forth
ago I'm ready to give you one more
minute because you don't seem to be on
the trail mr. Kenney would it just be
possible these charming ladies who come
to you are in what is sometimes called
an interesting condition
Oh Kenny do the old cubicle I have
nothing I have nothing to say and I'm
ready to say at any moment ladies ever
perform are they ever performers the
ones that you deal with though I don't
think I'm gonna lower anyone she's not a
podiatrist or chiropodist a podiatrist
or chiropodist no actually you never got
really close on it mr. Kennedy operates
the skirt blowing
mr. Jenny where do you do it I brought
the boys playing on Rockaway Beach New
York's rockaway rockaway how are things
is here mr. County thank you very much
you will win the full drive by the park